Remove erroneous `go install` instructions (#1022)
foxglove/mcap: website/docs/guides/cli.md

    $ brew install mcap

### From Source

> -:::caution
> -Installing via 'go install' is not supported, to build from source you must clone the repository.
> -:::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :::caution
- Installing via `go install` is not supported. To build from source you must clone the repository.
- :::
```

> - :::caution
> - Installing via `go install` is not supported. To build from source you must clone the repository.
> - :::

Reviewer: Sorry I think I was wrong in suggesting the `-`s - I got confused by the `-` in github indicating lines were deleted.

```suggestion
:::caution
Installing via `go install` is not supported. To build from source you must clone the repository.
:::
```

Reviewer: Let's check the preview deploy whenever it is working
